These are the best preserved medieval
walled cities in Europe. The last one's
too good to be true. Carcassonne, France.
Double concentric walls, over 50 towers,
a church, a castle. It looks straight out
of a fairy tale, but much of what you see
today was restored in the 19th century. York,
England. 4 km of walls, Roman foundations,
medieval gates. Walk the ramparts toward York
Minster. Arguably the best view in the city.
Avignon, France built by popes in the 14th
century. 4 km of walls encircle the entire
city. Add the massive palace of the popes and
it feels frozen in time. But then there's Avila,
Spain. 2 and a half km of perfectly intact granite
walls. 86 identical towers, 10 monumental gates.
Even the cathedral is half church, half fortress.
12 m high, almost untouched. Easily one of the
most dramatic medieval cities in Europe.
Subscribe for more incredible architecture.